assets can rise as long as QE Rises
along with it but these are in nominal
terms in reality nations that impose QE
on the citizens are stealing wealth from
savers and those on fixed incomes stocks
can continue to rise in price as long as
central bank's print money that's a fact
but in a very short period of time the
effect of that printed currency loses
its muster and its value despite the
number associated with it you came here
for the truth today we are going to
discuss the 100% proof that QE will kill
the stock market that's right
you heard me correctly let's begin this
is the Japanese nominal GDP Japan is
regularly associated with the successful
image of QE and we know that to be false
for a full decade Japanese GDP went
sideways this is the fact you can see
that throughout basically the late 90s
and onward we had this stagnation and
instead of it rising afterwards it
declined that's right
despite all of the intervention it
declined after a few years of up and
down we can see that ABE anomic s-- has
pushed this up to a new level of course
the economy isn't doing any better but
they were able to push up the GDP just
like the u.s. imposing Obamacare pushed
up the GDP temporarily there are an
infinite amount of schemes that can be
put in place what we have here is
central bank's implementing policies in
order to get the economy moving and they
fail every time they never get the
economy moving again but they do have
the ability to siphon wealth away from
the savers and those on fixed incomes
they are very successful at that now
what else they've been successful at is
making some very interesting looking
charts and that is the bank of
and total balance sheet after the
financial crisis there was a bit of
turmoil you could see that the central
bank decided to print some more currency
but it wasn't until let's say 2013 where
we saw this ridiculous amount of money
being printed under AB anomic s-- under
the biggest experiment with quantitative
easing that we have seen in the nation
as big as Japan they have printed so
much and the result of which has barely
shown up I can tell you right now that
increasing the balance sheet is a
temporary solution but in the end will
cause destruction this right here is the
Japanese stock market over the past 37
years and what you will see let's just
say that this is today I mean depend on
the day you're watching this but we are
seeing a value which was also present
right here in the late 80s mid to late
eighties and the market had risen at
such a dramatic level this bubble that
appeared and what followed it was
decades and decades of terrible
performance when you look at it in real
terms however you realize that they have
not been at this level in a much longer
time you can judge it in normal terms
you can judge it in real terms and both
of them tell their own story this is
important to note that Japan is the
model not for success but for failure
and they won't admit that failure as a
result they will suffer it will continue
to suffer and the more currency they
print the worse off it
b-but that's just Japan that would never
happen in the US you say that won't
happen here Janet Yellen said we will
not have a crisis in our lifetime well
look at the Nasdaq today it has risen
past its previous high you've seen that
happen so therefore things are better
than they were during the dot-com boom
that's what most people would say that's
what Jim Cramer would tell you because
he's telling you to invest in stocks
that's what some individuals that shall
remain nameless in the alternative media
are telling you to buy these stocks
that's right well not at the money GPSS
for sure look at this we saw a huge rise
up during the dot-com boom everything
went bust it came down and over the
years it has increased now over the past
few years particularly throughout 2017
we've seen things rise within the Nasdaq
within tech stocks in particular let's
say and if you think about it look at
the fact that it took perhaps 15 years
to reach the level that it was at prior
15 years so if you had bought in because
most people buy into a bubble near the
top but let's just say let's just take
it from this point over here okay thirty
five hundred you know look how long it
took give or take 10 12 years to reach
that level again where most people would
have bought in if they were astute they
thought the worst let's say is that a
good return that you would have to wait
12 years just to get back to where you
were you tell me if you're buying at the
peak is a bubble even if you weren't
buying it at the peak of the bubble and
you bought in let's just say a tooth
well it took right here ten years to get
back to that point ten years of holding
on to that stock hoping it'd be worth
something someday
you saw it rise up you got really
excited you didn't sell though because
most people don't know when to sell and
as a result they were riding this wave
and they cried and cried and many of
them did some things I will mention here
and they didn't end too well for them
so it took many years to come back so
that's what I worry about for a lot of
people because this has happened before
and it will happen again but when you
factor in that we're talking about
nominal terms inflation-adjusted you get
a different picture in fact today's
stock market appears to be lower than
where it was I'm just drawing an example
but that we are actually in fact at a
lower amount today than we were a prior
in the.com boom so many people need to
realize this that when you factor in for
inflation even the fake inflation number
that they give us after such a long
period of time
you then have to realize that you're
adding more time on to the end of that
so it's not really just a ten year or
fifteen twelve year or whatever it might
be twenty years and if we enter into a
new recession then what happens but
let's just say let's just say even in
inflationary readjusted terms we have
surpassed it okay let's just say that
then you get to that point and it's
let's just say it's 2017 we've hit the
mark we've crossed it we are now in
profitable mode well when's the next
recession going to happen 2018 maybe
2019 even if it's just a 30 or 50
percent correction nothing major
historically then you have what a year
of growth two years of growth
so many people have decided that they
will sell at the perfect time a lot of
people right here they're going to sell
right at this moment here they're going
to sell right at this moment here there
they're geniuses and they'll do so and
you know they're going to do well but
the majority of people won't you know
it's it's there's always some people who
are seem to know everything anyway let's
just move on here looking at this
changing gears a little bit
fifty Foxx representing the largest
short positions we're talking about
hedge funds in particular but I just
want to note these stocks themselves not
to really get into too much detail hedge
funds you can see where they're going
AT&T Walmart Intel IBM Exxon GE Target
and so on look at these companies which
are being shorted right now
quite the opposite from the companies
which are being purchased up gobbled up
like alphabet Apple and you know
Facebook and all those things have
changed from the previous recession and
you'll notice here that all of the
central bank's the hedge funds the big
institutional investors they're all
buying the same stocks they're shorting
certain stocks like this and they're all
buying the same stocks that's what's
pushing these all up everybody's buying
it the central banks are buying it
everybody so you can ride the wave
that's for sure
but the value of those dollars as time
goes on as more money is printed it
loses its muster it loses its actual
value instead of that number that's
printed on if you just print hundred
dollar bills all day long that $100
doesn't buy you anything anymore
of course the example think about a
hundred years ago what would one dollar
buy you I'm sure you can get a nice meal
for that now you get nothing
there's not even items at the dollar
store for
dollar did QE trigger the onset of the
act of runs of underperformance managers
have consistently lying behind their
benchmark since the start of QE so the
different way of looking at the Fed's
balance sheet right here so you can see
the cumulative excess return versus the
benchmark in terms of percentage and
this is the way they're doing it since
the financial crisis and onward the
outset of the actives under performance
occurred shortly after the start of QE
it's something interesting to think
about what I would say is that when you
are investing I believe that everyone
should do it on their own
you should be able to get a hold of this
for yourself you should be purchasing
whatever that is on your own time on
your own discretion don't listen to me
don't listen to anybody else you need to
do your own homework that's why I show
you the charts that's why I show you the
websites I give you all my sources and
then you go out there and you do what
you think is best at this time we are in
a little bit of a critical mode you can
see what's happening out there and I
believe that we will encounter some
hardship in the near future so if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative the first book I
get into a lot of the charts I show you
what QE is and I get into the foundation
and essentially then I lead into the
four asset classes and how to profit
from them in my newer release I get into
familiar topics inflation central banks
and others and then I basically get into
becoming self-sufficient how we can do
away with the monetary system altogether
in what I call the money GPS strategy so
you can look through those books at
Amazon links are in the description
below
take care